[My Resume](https://github.com/caoh18/caoh18.github.io/blob/master/CV_HanCao.pdf)

Hi! I'm Han Cao, a senior student at Department of Electronic Engineering, Tsinghua University.

I was a visiting student of the [Natural Language Processing group](http://nlp.cs.ucsb.edu/) at UCSB in the summer of 2019, advised by [Prof. William Wang](https://sites.cs.ucsb.edu/~william/). At Tsinghua, I work as an student researcher at the [Data Science and Intelligence Lab](http://fi.ee.tsinghua.edu.cn/), advised by [Prof. Yong Li](http://fi.ee.tsinghua.edu.cn/~liyong/).

I am interested in Data/Text Mining, Information Extraction, Machine Learning and their applications.

### Education Background
* Electronic Engineering, Tsinghua University(2016-2020)
* GPA:3.86/4.0, rank 14/266

### Research Experience
#### 1. Transformer-based Models for Knowledge Base Completion,       08/2019 – now
Independent Student Research Project at UC Santa Barbara, Supervised by Assistant Professor William Wang
* Apply BERT to model paths on Knowledge Graphs generated by random walk
* My model consists of a two-layer model for pretraining and a one-layer model for downstream tasks including link prediction and triple classification
* Achieves competitive results compared with current state-of-the-art method: MRR: 0.346, MR: 227, Hits@10: 0.533 on FB15k237 dataset and MRR: 0.455, MR: 3918, Hits@10: 0.521 on WN18RR dataset.

#### 2. User Identity Linkage via Deep Neural Network from Heterogeneous Mobility Data,     02/2019 – 05/2019  
Student Research Project at Tsinghua University, Supervised by Associate Professor Yong Li
* Our task is to find the same users by matching the personal trajectory data from different apps.
* We proposed a model which contains an RNN based encoder and a location encoder to extract spatio-temporal features, after which attention based network will select similar parts for MLP to calculate the similarity score.
* Our model outperforms the state-of-the-art solutions by more than 15% in terms of hit-precision.
* My contribution: obtained results of an important baseline method (ICDE 2018), improved the RNN based trajectory encoder to achieve better performance and conducted extensive hyperparameter experiments.

### Publications
User Identity Linkage via Co-Attentional Neural Network From Heterogeneous Mobility Data, TKDE 2019 submission  
Feng, Jie; Li, Yong; Zhang, Mingyang; Yang, Zeyu; Wang, Huandong; **Cao, Han**; Jin, Depeng, 

### Selected Course Work
#### Sound Source Separation and Location Based on Audio-visual Information,    12/2018 - 01/2019
The course work of Introduction to Auditory-visual Information System
* The task is to locate the solo sound source in the video and separate the solo audios from duet audios.
* Based on the idea of one paper in ECCV 2018, I applied the model Inception_V3 to predict the sound source. Then I used MIML (multi-instance multi-label) model and NMF (non-negative matrix factorization) algorithm to separate the duet audios based on the predicted sound source.
* The model achieved outstanding performance. I’m one of the **7 students** who got full marks in this project among 150 students and I also got an A (4.0/4.0) in this course.

### Professional Skills
Programming: Proficient in C/C++, Python, MATLAB, Linux, Pytorch, Spark, Hadoop

### Honors & Awards
National Inspirational Scholarship (TOP10%)&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp2019   
National Inspirational Scholarship&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp2018  
Friend of Tsinghua University—Huang YiCong Couple Scholarship&nbsp2017  


